SmartPay 
Challenge 1 of 4
Build & Style The UI
Step 1
Style the BODY element with a white background color.

Within the BODY tag, create a DIV and give it a data-cart-info attribute. Inside this DIV, create a HEADING element with mdc-typography--headline4" as its CSS class.

The HEADING element should have 2 SPAN children elements. The First SPAN element displays a shopping cart by setting it's CSS class to material-icons and its content to shopping_cart. The second SPAN element should have a data-bill attribute and will be used to display the total figure the user is trying to pay on the app.

Create another DIV just after the data-cart-info DIV. Give this new DIV a data-credit-card attribute and set its class to mdc-card and mdc-card--outlined . Within the data-credit-card DIV you just created, add a new DIV with a class of mdc-card__primary-action. These elements will be styled with the look and feel of an actual credit card. Brace yourself!

Within the .mdc-card__primary-action DIV, create an IMAGE with an attribute of data-card-type and set its source to [https://placehold.it/120x60.png?text=Card](https://placehold.it/120x60.png?text=Card). This IMAGE will be used to display the credit card type (Visa or MasterCard), based on the series of numbers entered by the user.

Right after the IMAGE and still within the mdc-card__primary-action DIV, create a new DIV with an attribute of data-cc-digits. It should contain four INPUT text fields, each with a size of 4 and a placeholder of ---- (4 dashes). These fields will be used to collect the credit card numbers from the user.

Create a DIV with an attribute of data-cc-info as a sibling to the data-cc-digits DIV. This new DIV should have two INPUT text fields, one for entering the card holder's name while the other will be for the card's expiry date. The first field should have a size of 20 and a placeholder of Name Surname. The expiry date field should have a size of 6 and a placeholder of MM/YY - indicating the expiry date format.

We are now done with the structure of the credit card component. Let's make a button to allow the user make payment with the card details

Create a BUTTON as a sibling to the data-credit-card DIV. Set the BUTTON's class to mdc-button and give it a data-pay-btn attribute. It should have Pay Now as its display text. After the user enters details of the card and clicks on this button, the app will strike-though the card details that are in-valid, if any.
Step 2
While we might have the right structure in place, the app visually tells a different story. Time to make the app look good and usable.

The SPAN elements within the data-cart-info DIV should be displayed as inline block elements and their vertical-align set to middle. The .material-icons SPAN should have a 150 pixels size of font.

Give the data-credit-card DIV 435px width, 240px minimum height, 10px rounded borders, and a #5d6874 background colour.

Display the data-card-type IMAGE as a block element. Give it a 120px width and a 60px height.

The data-cc-digits DIV should have a 2em top margin.

INPUT elements in the data-cc-digits DIV should have a white color, 2em font size and line height, no border or background, and a right margin of 0.5em;

The data-cc-info DIV should have a 1em top margin.

INPUT elements in the data-cc-info DIV should have a white color, 1.2em font size, no border and no background. The second input should also have a right padding of 10px and be floated to the right of the viewport.

The data-pay-btn BUTTON should have a fixed position, 90% width, a solid border of 1px and positioned 20px from the bottom of the viewport.

Your app should look better at this point. Ideally, the 4 input fields within the data-cc-digits DIV should all be on a single horzontal line.

Deadline: In 87 Hours
Cannot edit in read-only editor